fix(rpc/v06): fix price unit in transaction receipt (#1637)
eqlabs/pathfinder: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- v0.5 `starknet_simulateTransactions` returns internal error instead of `ContractError` for reverted transactions.

> - v0.6 `starknet_getTransactionReceipt` now returns EXECUTION_RESOURCES properties as numbers. The `segment_arena_builtin` resource has been added. The price unit type for v3 transactions is not correctly returned as `FRI`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- v0.6 `starknet_getTransactionReceipt`
  - `EXECUTION_RESOURCES` fields are hex-strings instead of integers
  - `segment_arena_builtin` resource is missing
  - v3 transaction price unit type is `STRK` instead of `FRI`
```
